so scared all / loksat you scare me Oh
action eggs eggs countdown videos
box inside it is again you box inside
Nick's buy some tags now let's get it
started with the men you all know is
another anthony James video hey guys
what's up seven james and on our view
the yellow lantern or sinestro corps
member Hal Jordan all right he's from
the CPAC the unreleased to pack with the
blue Leonard kyle rayner now this is a
unreleased and this will mouthy in
stores so keep that mile if you want to
find it I better start looking on the
internet like eBay him place like yeah I
got mine for my from China so yeah
alright go ahead and take a look at him
a standard DC Universe classic
articulation the face is not in your
face actually seen this face before yeah
exact same face so nothing is new about
this guy'll the hair and everything is
pretty much the same just color
difference but the thing I like about
him is it's just kind of cool human
koloth hell there you know different a
different Lantern Corps you know there's
much for how but first time we actually
got to see call so yeah sorry let's
compare him in the old Hal Jordan the
warm from series having Bob the song I'm
going to wave and if you notice we'll
take it Sam straighter they're the same
size it's just you know I will not fit a
little too much then this review but
yeah it's just a standard yo Leonard
body that's it
thing is he's wearing the ring on the
long finger on the long hand not fingers
with the wrong hand and yeah and yeah
look that's kind of weird I wish they'd
put on the left hand but whatever kind
of expected awesome laziness laziness
that's why this to what I got cancelled
but anyway the if you notice the Rings
got way bigger way bigger compared the
then they deal with search fellow I just
now notice this like have a lot of a lot
of figures sitting here with with that
liner rings off and yeah they got like
way bigger there's a flash and I mean
the hell Jordans I mean it's wow they
got way bigger and if you notice that if
you can tell that is Nestor core simple
so yeah it really cool to have this Gaza
that I picked it glad I found you it was
able to pick him up also picked up the
all the other unreleased figures have
been shown at toy fair and stuff like
that so yeah DC Universe Classics will
live on and I apparently be rebooting
next year but um but the only way you
can get now is to the through the Mattel
mighty collector the tales club so yeah
so so yeah this really cool guy would
say pick them up if you really into the
green lanterns and how Jordan all that
but um but yeah you really can't just go
pick it up so I just check out the
internet while you still can it's
because eventually he'll be pretty
expensive alright thanks law protects
from you and don't forget to
Oh
you